The Lime Green Nintendo DS (USA) Comes A Bit Late…
Published on April 25, 2009.
Warning: Be prepared for a rant.
I just learned that Nintendo is releasing a lime green DS .
The thing I’ve wanted ever since I learned of the DS.
I have a lime green Gameboy color and a lime green Gameboy Advance.
Lime green is my favorite color ever.
Left to my own devices (which I have been), everything I buy is lime green.
Basically when I wear my backpack, jacket, shoes, hat, etc, I look like a ninja turtle.
This is just some context.
I just got the DSi like a week or two ago.
It’s really nice.
Not that much different from a DS but it has some interesting features like the cameras and new software.
I figured I’d buy the DSi when it came out and then if it was ever released in lime green, I’d get that one.
Because I’m a sucker and I gladly pay the Nintendo tax.
Anyway, now I find out that the lime green DS I’ve coveted since forever is a reality!
RIGHT AFTER I BUY THE DSi!!! Interestingly, my emotions are a combination of rage, acceptance and really wanting to buy the lime green DS anyway.
I wish I knew how to quit you, Nintendo.
I WISH I KNEW HOW TO QUIT YOU!
Also, this one looks like it’s for moms.
Does that say something about my taste in video game console colors? Hmm…